README.md, before:

# Weather-or-Not

## Project Description
With this weather application, you can find the weather of over 200,000 cities! Simply search up any city and find the weather forecast of up to 5 days. 

<br/>

## Table of Contents

- [Deployment](#installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Credits](#Credits)
- [License](#license)

<br/>


## Deployment

<br/>

[Live Project](https://jentruong09.github.io/weather-dashboard/)

<br/>

[Repository](https://github.com/jentruong09/weather-dashboard)

<br/>

## Usage

![dashboard](/assets/images/weather-dashboard.jpg)

<br/>


## Credits
This project is made possible by:

[OpenWeather - Weather API](https://openweathermap.org)

[AIM at Melanoma Foundation - UV Index Reference](https://www.aimatmelanoma.org/melanoma-101/prevention/what-is-ultraviolet-uv-radiation/)

[W3Schools - Emoji Unicode Reference](https://www.w3schools.com/charsets/ref_emoji.asp)

<br/>

Technologies Used in this project:

[jQuery](https://jqueryui.com/)

[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

[Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/)

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)


<br/>

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jennifer Truong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

changed the dashboard picture in the readme as well as added new credits

README.md, after:

# Weather-or-Not

## Project Description
With this weather application, you can find the weather of over 200,000 cities! Simply search up any city and find the weather forecast of up to 7 days as well as the next 12 hours. 

<br/>

## Table of Contents

- [Deployment](#installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Credits](#Credits)
- [License](#license)

<br/>


## Deployment

<br/>

[Live Project](https://jentruong09.github.io/weather-dashboard/)

<br/>

[Repository](https://github.com/jentruong09/weather-dashboard)

<br/>

## Usage

![dashboard](/assets/images/dashboard.png)

<br/>


## Credits
This project is made possible by:

[OpenWeather - Weather API](https://openweathermap.org)

[AIM at Melanoma Foundation - UV Index Reference](https://www.aimatmelanoma.org/melanoma-101/prevention/what-is-ultraviolet-uv-radiation/)

[W3Schools - Emoji Unicode Reference](https://www.w3schools.com/charsets/ref_emoji.asp)

<br/>

Technologies Used in this project:

[jQuery](https://jqueryui.com/)

[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

[Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/)

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

[Boxicons](https://boxicons.com)


<br/>

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jennifer Truong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
